no going to make my jammie-jammie
carriage you can see three very
different examples here this was my
original design this would be like a
glass carriage
I don't know if you can see the globe
that whale on camera though but I'm
probably going to spray that's what some
glitter to help it stand out and a half
our unicorn common Pegasus at the front
here and I've actually cut the wings out
twice so that they can actually open on
the front of the carriage there this one
I've cut a smaller size cut from peaches
in clean current I was going to actually
use that one is away the invitation and
this one I've cut just for a little girl
to play with I've got a little pink
inaudible sort of sparkles and glitter
to this one now this one is actually
really simple to make and they did that
way on purpose because I imagine the
lots of young girls wanting to meet this
one and all the girls like me I thought
this one was really good one when I was
designing it what's important is that
you leo
all of the parts in the right order and
the right way up because that will
actually help you think big was maybe
going to come along to help as well but
let's hope not we have our real sections
here which are the main sides of the
carriage being quote bic well you can't
set one more your sections see if i can
show these to you obviously you might
not want to cut all of the spokes of the
wheels i don't know that may be a bit
too much effort what I'm Libby do is cut
the full circle and they never use a
fancy flower stamp erechtheum punch and
punch something out the center here just
to make it a bit more energy cap but the
rest of the design is really simple
curves and really simple straight lines
you have lots of strengthening bars on
this one to hold it together these six
that identical and again they're just
straight lines and these two are kinda
strengthening bars but a bit more detail
as well just to make it look pretty and
they're just simple straight lines and
curves you then have these parts these
four parts that identical and this is
four
the the carnage section again really
easy to cut out we have these three
sections the section is actually the
back of the carriage where this is
actually made to be like a seat section
so if you are doing a total acity you
could actually color this section and or
you could add some little people to sit
on here you then have the middle section
top of the carriage and in the front
section of the carriage and I would
leave these out this way up so you have
them and exactly this all rather to out
of sorts at the bottom the two outer
slots at the top the two out of shots at
the bottom this one's actually slightly
better than this one so I'll lay them
out in exactly this order we then have
these two sections that got the sides of
the carriage and oddly they mate with
the slots at the bottom this will
actually make a lot easier when you're
putting it together if you leave them
Oaks acrylate this we then have the main
section of the carriage with the horse
at the front and that's what we're going
to start working with so I'm going to
take this big section here and this is
the top this is going to go inside here
and the slots at the middle here and I'm
going to go into the slots and the
middle here the you do have to totally
paint your piece of card to get it to go
in so either use flexible card or
acetate works beautifully for this
design we're then going to take this one
here which goes at the back here and
side here because that's the seat of the
actual carriage and again the slots at
the middle at the top and the bottom
here
so and then this is the front so this
goes into your spokes soak them both of
them here and there you have the three
in that donation we then take these two
extra ones and they've got three slots
at the top in the bottom of the inner
circle there and they go over these
three slots here and under these these
logs here so again you will need card
banging to put these in place I'm gonna
start by putting them into the little
one now what may happen when you're
doing this is that the one that you're
putting it in to me actually pop out of
its slot but you just tuck it back in
again
right so we have them included on that
site and I'm going to do it exactly the
same on this site
that is 180 GSM card for this but when
you needed it to be fairly flexible also
I wanted it fairly late to be able to to
stand up although I did the horseshoe
stole the card and the wheels were
stronger there you have the main part
already done we just need to add these
intersections as you'll see in this site
here with a slot at the top and then to
the bottom and that will perfectly hold
one of these by sourcing it over the
middle section now if you hadn't put the
other sections in the right way up this
apartment football so if this part
doesn't come on you know that you've
gone wrong in one of the earlier steps
am I going to do this same as well
sure that's all in place and then the
last to quote the front in the back ends
and the carriage I hope you'll agree
this is a really simple board shape to
me I think it's probably the easiest
good shape I've ever done
again just because I was full crystal
and young children might want to make
this one so there we have the main
section but obviously that's not much
good on its own it won't stand that much
at all
you